Hello everyone and welcome to this beginner-friendly tutorial
on creating your first hello world web page using HTML and CSS.
I'm Sam and let's Dive Right In!
the editor we are going to use is the famous
Visual Studio code and an extension called live preview.
First we create the necessary files to begin with which are "index.HTML" and "styles.CSS".
Visual Studio code helps us creating the
structure for a valid "HTML" file by writing an!
We have to make a link between the 'html' file and the "CSS" file by using the tag name "link".
Then we create the most important heading "H1" with a content of "Hello World".
By using the "live preview" extention we can access
to the page from our browser by a generated local link.
In the "CSS" file, I am going to add
some styles to the first heading we created in the "HTML" file.
We can change the color of the text or the background color.
Change the Border radius.
Change the horizontal alignment of the text.
Create a border.
And congratulations! You've just created your very first webpage using HTML and CSS.